
Question 1: What data types do each of these values represent?
      "A Clockwork Orange" - String.
      42     - Integer.
      09/02/1945 - Date
      98.7  -Float
      $15.99  -Currency Format
Question 2: Explain when a database would be used. Explain when a text file would be used.
  Text file is used to store standard and structured texual data or information that is human readable.
  Database: when we want to store a large amount of information that could be easy to manage, update, and retrieve through an interface, that can 
  handle many applications accessing the data. Database files are not human readable.
  
Question 3: Describe one difference between SQL and other programming languages.
    SQL is a declarative language. With other programming languages, we have to define algorithms for what we are looking for; 
    but with SQL, we just tell database what we are looking for without defining algorithms. 
Question 4: In your own words, explain how the pieces of a database system fit together at a high level.
    Relational databases use table to store data. Different types of data are stored in different columns, and rows make up complete
    conceptual unit. Because of the arrangement of data in columns, we can quickly compare information. Databases use uniformity to 
    build completely new tables out of required information from existing tables. 


Question 5: Explain the meaning of table, row, column, and value.
     Table is a set of data elements using a mode of collumns and rows.
     Rows represents a set of related data.
     Columns define what data is stored there.
     Value is piece of information that column name describes.
Question 6: List three data types that can be used in a table.
     String, Integer, Boolean.

Question 7: Given this payments table, provide an English description of the following queries and include their results:
     I'm looking for the date and the amount of the payments.
     I'm looking for the amount of the payments where the amount is greater than 500. 
     I'm looking for everything of the payments where the payee is 'Mega Foods'.
     
 Question 8: Given this users table, write SQL queries using the following criteria and include the output:
 
The email and sign-up date for the user named DeAndre Data.
=> SELECT email, signup
   FROM users
   WHERE name = DeAndre Data;
Output: email: datad@comcast.net    signup: 2008-01-20
 
The user ID for the user with email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'.
=> SELECT userid
   FROM users
   WHERE email = aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu;
Output: userid: 1

All the columns for the user ID equal to 4.
=> SELECT *
   FROM users
   WHERE userid = 4;
Output: userid: 4	name: Brandy Boolean	email: bboolean@nasa.gov	signup: 1999-10-15
     
    